So now let's talk about a security feature
called MFA Delete.
MFA stands for multi-factor authentication,
and this is a way to force users
to generate a code on a device.
It could be, for example, a mobile phone
with a Google Authenticator application or whatever,
or another one for example,
or a hardware such as an MFA hardware device.
And this is going to give you a code,
and that code must be inserted into Amazon S3
before doing important operations.
So when is MFA going to be required?
Well, it's going to be required
when you want to permanently delete an object version.
So, this is definitely a protection
against permanent deletions
or if you want to suspend Versioning on the bucket.
So, both these options are quite destructive,
and so MFA will be recovered for this.
But if you want to enable Versioning
or list deleted versions,
then the MFA will not be required
because these are not dangerous operations.
So to use MFA Delete, you must first enable
Versioning on the bucket
because this is relating, of course, to Versioning,
and only the bucket owner, the root account,
can enable or disable the MFA Delete,
as you'll see in the next hands on.
So this is quite complicated
because while using the root account
is not something you should do a lot,
but you will see how do this in the next lecture.
And just remember that MFA Delete is an extra protection
to prevent against the permanent deletion
of specific object versions.
So that's it and I will see you in the next lecture.